plugin-scaffolder: VirtualizedListbox tests and padding (#25948)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/unlucky-cherries-rush.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder': patch
---

> Implement forwarding of additional props from the EntityPicker autocomplete to the VirtualizedListbox outer element. This fixes an accessibility issue where you are unable to use the arrow keys to navigate the dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an accessibility issue where you were unable to use the arrow keys to navigate the `EntityPicker` field dropdown, and other fields that are derived from it.
```

Tweaking it to be a bit more user facing and skip the implementation details.
